Update integration guidance for timeout dialog (#161)
hmrc/play-frontend-hmrc: CHANGELOG.md

For compatibility information see `govukFrontendVersion` and `hmrcFrontendVersion` in
[LibDependencies](project/LibDependencies.scala)

## [3.5.0] - 2022-02-28

### Changed

> - Tried to improve integration guidance for hmrc timeout dialog in README around use of signOutUrl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated integration guidance for hmrc timeout dialog in README around use of signOutUrl
```

You've more than tried! :D
